onboarding.md, before:

# Onboarding
Welcome to The Shop!

This short document explains basics about what you need to do in order to get fully started.
  
## What is XP
XP stands for experience points. Everyone working with The Shop in any form starts with some XP value based on how they 
started with us. 

There's more on XP and how it works in [XP explained](xp-explained.md) section of Wiki.

## First steps
First thing you'll need to start is to access all of the company related data and to gain access to communication channels.

There are 5 main steps you need to go through to be fully set up:
  1. Install [Slack application](https://slack.com/)(ideally to both your work machine and mobile device)
  2. Create [GitHub account](https://github.com/)
  3. Create [Trello account](https://trello.com/)
  4. Create [Gmail account](https://gmail.com)
  4. ~~Fill in your account data with [The Shop account page](https://app.the-shop.io/account/edit)~~
    1. For now, send GitHub and Trello usernames and Gmail address to mladen@the-shop.hr - application is not ready yet
  5. Watch this repository to get notified of any changes to it. [Instructions are here.](https://help.github.com/articles/watching-repositories/)
  
## Moving further
Please go back to main [README.md](README.md) and read through rest of it.

Commit message:

Clarification on Slack in onboarding information

onboarding.md, after:

# Onboarding
Welcome to The Shop!

This short document explains basics about what you need to do in order to get fully started.
  
## What is XP
XP stands for experience points. Everyone working with The Shop in any form starts with some XP value based on how they 
started with us. 

There's more on XP and how it works in [XP explained](xp-explained.md) section of Wiki.

## First steps
First thing you'll need to start is to access all of the company related data and to gain access to communication channels.

There are 5 main steps you need to go through to be fully set up:
  1. Install [Slack application](https://slack.com/) (ideally to both your work machine and mobile device) 
  2. Create [GitHub account](https://github.com/)
  3. Create [Trello account](https://trello.com/)
  4. Create [Gmail account](https://gmail.com)
  4. ~~Fill in your account data with [The Shop account page](https://app.the-shop.io/account/edit)~~
    1. For now, send GitHub and Trello usernames and Gmail address to mladen@the-shop.hr - application is not ready yet
  5. Watch this repository to get notified of any changes to it. [Instructions are here.](https://help.github.com/articles/watching-repositories/)
  
After you send information to email, you'll get invitation for company Slack organization.

## Moving further
Please go back to main [README.md](README.md) and read through rest of it.
